src/outreach.md, before:

# Outreach
## Publications

- U. Villa, N. Petra, O. Ghattas, *hIPPYlib: An extensible software framework for large-scale deterministic and linearized Bayesian inverse problems*, 2016

## Presentations

- U. Villa, *An Analytical Technique for Forward and Inverse Propagation of Uncertainty*, SIAM Conference on Uncertainty Quantification, April 5-8, 2016, Lausanne, Switzerland

## Workshops

- N. Petra, [SAMSI Optimization Program Summer School](https://www.samsi.info/programs-and-activities/research-workshops/summer-2016-optimization-program-summer-school-august-8-12-2016/), Research Triangle Park, NC,  August 8-12, 2016
- N. Petra and O. Ghattas, [IDEALab: Inverse Problems and Uncertainty Quantification](https://icerm.brown.edu/idealab/2015/), Brown University, Providence, RD, July 6-10, 2015

## Graduate level courses

- A. Alexanderian @NC State, *Inverse problems*, Fall 2016
- T. Bui @UT Austin, *Computational PDE-Constrained Bayesian inverse problems*, Fall 2016
- G. Stadler @NYU, *Advanced Topics in Numerical Analysis: Computational and Variational Methods for Inverse Problems*, Spring 2016 [link](http://math.nyu.edu/~stadler/inv16/)
- N. Petra @UC Merced, *Special Topics: Computational and Variational Inverse Problems*, Fall 2015 [link](http://faculty.ucmerced.edu/npetra/teaching/math292f15.html)
- O. Ghattas @UT Austin, *Computational and Variational Inverse Problems*, Fall 2015 [link](http://users.ices.utexas.edu/~omar/inverse_problems/index.html)

## Projects

<!-- - PIs: G. Biros, O. Ghattas, M. Girolami, M. Heinkenschloss, R. Moser, A. Philpott, A. Stuart, and K. Willcox, *Inference, Simulation, and Optimization of Complex Systems Under Uncertainty: Theory, Algorithms, and Applications to Turbulent Combustion*, DARPA/ARO -->
- PIs: O. Ghattas, M. Parno, N. Petra, Y. Marzouk, U. Villa, *Integrating Data with Complex Predictive Models under Uncertainty: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Bayesian Inversion*, NSF

Commit message:

Add a list of oral/poster presentations & list of contributor

src/outreach.md, after:

# Outreach
## Publications

- U. Villa, N. Petra, O. Ghattas, *hIPPYlib: An extensible software framework for large-scale deterministic and linearized Bayesian inverse problems*, 2016

## Oral Presentations

- U. Villa, *Bayesian Calibration of Inadequate Stochastic PDE Models*, SIAM Conference on Computer Science and Engineering, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- P. Chen, *Taylor Approximation for PDE-Constrained Optimal Control Problems Under High-Dimensional Uncertainty: Application to a Turbulence Model*, SIAM Conference on Computer Science and Engineering, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- J. Lee, *Scalable Methods for Optimal Experimental Design for Inverse Scattering*, SIAM Conference on Computer Science and Engineering, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- B. Crestel, *Scalable Solvers for Joint Inversion with Several Structural Coupling Terms*, SIAM Conference on Computer Science and Engineering, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- U. Villa, *An Analytical Technique for Forward and Inverse Propagation of Uncertainty*, SIAM Conference on Uncertainty Quantification, April 5-8, 2016, Lausanne, Switzerland

## Poster Presentations
- T. O’Leary-Roseberry, U. Villa, O. Ghattas, P. Heimbach, *An Adjoint Capable Solver for the Stefan Problem: a Bilevel Optimization and Level Set Approach*, SIAM Conference on Computational Science and Engineering, Feb. 27 - March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- O. Ghattas, Y. Marzouk, M. Parno, N. Petra, U. Villa, [*Integrating Data with Complex Predictive Models under Uncertainty: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Bayesian Inversion*](https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.4602481.v1), NSF-SI2 PI meeting, Feb. 21-22, 2017, Arlington, VA, US

## Workshops

- N. Petra, [SAMSI Optimization Program Summer School](https://www.samsi.info/programs-and-activities/research-workshops/summer-2016-optimization-program-summer-school-august-8-12-2016/), Research Triangle Park, NC,  August 8-12, 2016
- N. Petra and O. Ghattas, [IDEALab: Inverse Problems and Uncertainty Quantification](https://icerm.brown.edu/idealab/2015/), Brown University, Providence, RD, July 6-10, 2015

## Graduate level courses

- A. Alexanderian @NC State, *Inverse problems*, Fall 2016
- G. Stadler @NYU, *Advanced Topics in Numerical Analysis: Computational and Variational Methods for Inverse Problems*, Spring 2016 [link](http://math.nyu.edu/~stadler/inv16/)
- N. Petra @UC Merced, *Special Topics: Computational and Variational Inverse Problems*, Fall 2015 [link](http://faculty.ucmerced.edu/npetra/teaching/math292f15.html)
- O. Ghattas @UT Austin, *Computational and Variational Inverse Problems*, Fall 2015 [link](http://users.ices.utexas.edu/~omar/inverse_problems/index.html)

## Projects

<!-- - PIs: G. Biros, O. Ghattas, M. Girolami, M. Heinkenschloss, R. Moser, A. Philpott, A. Stuart, and K. Willcox, *Inference, Simulation, and Optimization of Complex Systems Under Uncertainty: Theory, Algorithms, and Applications to Turbulent Combustion*, DARPA/ARO -->
- PIs: O. Ghattas, M. Parno, N. Petra, Y. Marzouk, U. Villa, *Integrating Data with Complex Predictive Models under Uncertainty: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Bayesian Inversion*, NSF
