src/research.md, before:

# Research

## Applications

- Inversion for optical properties of biological tissues in quantitative optoacoustic tomography

- Bayesian optimal experimental design for inverse problems in acoustic scattering

- Inversion and control for CO<sub>2</sub> sequestration with poroelastic models

- Goal-oriented inference for reservoir models with complex features including faults

- Joint seismic-electromagnetic inversion

- Inference of basal boundary conditions for ice sheet flow

- Inversion for material properties of cardiac tissue

- Inference, prediction and optimization under uncertainty for turbulent combustion

- Inference of constitutive laws in mechanics of nano-scale filaments

## Selected publications

- K. Koval, A. Alexanderian, G. Stadler, [*Optimal experimental design under irreducible uncertainty for inverse problems governed by PDEs*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.08915), arXiv, 2019

- S. Wahal, G. Biros, [*BIMC: The Bayesian Inverse Monte Carlo method for goal-oriented uncertainty quantification. Part I*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.00619), arXiv, 2019

- U. Villa, N. Petra, O. Ghattas, [*hIPPYlib: An extensible software framework for large-scale inverse problems; Part I: Deterministic inversion and linearized Bayesian inference*](http://arxiv.org/abs/1909.03948), arXiv, 2019

- P. Chen, U. Villa, O. Ghattas, [*Taylor approximation and variance reduction for PDE-constrained optimal control under uncertainty*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1804.04301),  Journal of Computational Physics, 385:163--186, 2019.

- R. Nicholson, N. Petra and Jari P Kaipio. [*Estimation of the Robin coefficient field in a Poisson problem with uncertain conductivity field*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1801.03592), Inverse Problems, Volume 34, Number 11, 2018.

- P. Chen, K. Wu, J. Chen, T. O'Leary-Roseberry, O. Ghattas, [*Projected Stein Variational Newton: A Fast and Scalable Bayesian Inference Method in High Dimensions*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.08659), arXiv, 2018

- E. M. Constantinescu, N. Petra, J. Bessac, C. G. Petra, [*Statistical Treatment of Inverse Problems Constrained by Differential Equations-Based Models with Stochastic Terms*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.08557), arXiv, 2018

- U. Villa, N. Petra, O. Ghattas, [*hIPPYlib: An extensible software framework for large-scale inverse problems*](http://dx.doi.org/10.21105/joss.00940), Journal of Open Source Software (JOSS), 3(30):940, 2018

- P. Chen, U. Villa, O. Ghattas, *Taylor approximation for PDE-constrained optimization under uncertainty: Application to turbulent jet flow*, Proceedings in Applied Mathematics and Mechanics - 89th GAMM Annual Meeting, 18:e201800466, 2018

## Selected Ph.D. thesis

- K. A. McCormack, [*Earthquakes, groundwater and surface deformation: exploring the poroelastic response to megathrust earthquakes*](https://repositories.lib.utexas.edu/handle/2152/68892), University of Texas at Austin, 2018. Adviser M. Hesse

- B. Crestel, [*Advanced techniques for multi-source, multi-parameter, and multi-physics inverse problems*](https://repositories.lib.utexas.edu/handle/2152/63471), University of Texas at Austin, 2017. Adviser O. Ghattas

## Selected oral presentations

- I. Ambartsumyan, **O. Ghattas**, *Fast methods for Bayesian inverse problems governed by PDE forward models with random coefficient fields*, Applied Inverse Problems Conference, July 8-12, 2019, Grenoble, France

- **U. Villa**, O. Ghattas, *Scalable optimal experimental design for large scale non-linear Bayesian inverse problems*, Applied Inverse Problems Conference, July 8-12, 2019, Grenoble, France

- **O. Babaniyi**, O. Ghattas, N. Petra and U. Villa, [*hIPPYlib: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Inverse Problems*](https://easychair.org/smart-program/FEniCS19/2019-06-13.html#talk:101256), 2019 FEniCS Conference, Carnegie Institution for Science Department of Terrestrial Magnetism (DTM), Washington DC,June 12-14, 2019. **Best postdoc presentation award**

- N. Petra, **G. Stadler**, [*Inverse Problems: Integrating Data with Models under Uncertainty*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_programsess.cfm?SESSIONCODE=66044), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **K. Wu**, P. Chen, O. Ghattas,[*A Stein Variational Newton Method for Optimal Experiment Design Problems*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=95929), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **P. Chen**, O. Ghattas, U. Villa, [*Large-scale Optimal Experimental Design for Bayesian Nonlinear Inverse Problems*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=95353), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **T. O'Leary-Roseberry**, J. Chen, P. Chen, U. Villa, O. Ghattas, [*Large-scale Optimization in Deep Learning for PDE Representation abstract*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=97302), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **J. J. Lee**, O. Ghattas, T. Bui-Thanh, U. Villa, [*Derivative Informed MCMC Methods for Subsurface Models with Faults*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=95762), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **U. Villa**, O. Ghattas, [*Scalable Methods for Bayesian Optimal Experimental Design Using Laplace Approximation*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=96535), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **U. Villa**, [*Learning from data through the lens of mathematical models*](https://math.wustl.edu/events/analysis-seminar-learning-data-through-lens-mathematical-models-gentle-introduction-bayesian?d=2019-01-28), Analysis Seminar, Dept. of Mathematics & Statistics, Washington University, January 28, 2019, St Louis, MO, US

- **U. Villa**, [*Large Scale Inverse Problems and Uncertainty Quantification: Computational Tools and Imaging Applications*](https://engineering.wustl.edu/Events/Documents/Umberto%20Villa%20Seminar%201.24.19.pdf), Electrical & Systems Engineering Seminar, Washington University, January 24, 2019, St Louis, MO, US

- **N. Petra**, [*hIPPYlib: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Inverse Problems*](https://appliedmath.ucmerced.edu/research/special-topics-meetings-and-seminars/optimization), Optimization Seminar, University of California, Merced, October 19, 2018, Merced, CA, US

- **U. Villa**, O. Ghattas, [*Maximize the Expected Information Gain in Bayesian Experimental Design Problems: A Fast Optimization Algorithm Based on Laplace Approximation and Randomized Eigensolvers*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=89969), SIAM UQ, April 16-19, 2018, Garden Grove, CA, US

- **T. O’Leary-Roseberry**, *A PDE Constrained Optimization Approach to the Solution
of the Stefan Problem*, Texas Applied Mathematics
and Engineering Symposium, Sept. 21-23, 2017, Austin, TX, US

- **U. Villa**, *hIPPYlib:  An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Deterministic and Linearized Bayesian Inverse*, Texas Applied Mathematics
and Engineering Symposium, Sept. 21-23, 2017, Austin, TX, US

- **U. Villa**, [*Taylor Approximation for PDE-constrained Optimal Control Problems under High-dimensional Uncertainty*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=87851), SIAM Control, July 10 - 12, 2017, Pittsburgh, Pa, US

- **U. Villa**, [*Derivative-Informed MCMC for Bayesian Calibration of Stochastic PDE Models*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_programsess.cfm?SESSIONCODE=62707), SIAM Annual, July 10 - 14, 2017, Pittsburgh, Pa, US

- **U. Villa**, *Hessian-based sampling techniques for Bayesian inverse problems with stochastic PDE forward model*, Applied Inverse Problems, May 29 - June 2, 2017, Hangzhou, China

- **U. Villa**, [*Bayesian Calibration of Inadequate Stochastic PDE Models*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=82633), SIAM CSE, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- **P. Chen**, [*Taylor Approximation for PDE-Constrained Optimal Control Problems Under High-Dimensional Uncertainty: Application to a Turbulence Model*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=81654), SIAM CSE, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- **B. Crestel**, [*Scalable Solvers for Joint Inversion with Several Structural Coupling Terms*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=82125), SIAM CSE, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- **Amal Alghamdi**, [*Bayesian Inversion for Subsurface Properties from Poroelastic Forward Models and Surface Deformation Data*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=81792), SIAM CSE, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- **U. Villa**, [*An Analytical Technique for Forward and Inverse Propagation of Uncertainty*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=74269), SIAM UQ, April 5-8, 2016, Lausanne, Switzerland

## Selected poster presentations

- I. Ambartsumyan, T. Bui-Thanh, O. Ghattas, E. Khattatov, [*An Edge-preserving Method for Joint Bayesian Inversion with Non-Gaussian Priors*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=97474), SIAM CSE, Feb 25- March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- E. Khattatov, O. Ghattas, T. Bui-Thanh, and I. Ambartsumyan, U. Villa, [*Bayesian Inversion of Fault Properties in Two-phase Flow in Fractured Media*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=97471), SIAM CSE, Feb 25- March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- A. O. Babaniyi, O. Ghattas, N. Petra, U. Villa, [*hIPPYlib: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-scale Inverse Problems*](https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.7763063.v1), SIAM CSE, Feb 25- March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- O. Ghattas, Y. Marzouk, M. Parno, N. Petra, U. Villa, [*Integrating Data with Complex Predictive Models under Uncertainty: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Bayesian Inversion*](https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.6172247.v1), NSF-SI2 PI meeting, Apr. 30- May 1, 2018, Washington, DC, US

- K. Koval, G. Stadler, [*Computational Approaches for Linear Goal-Oriented Bayesian Inverse Problems*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=86488), SIAM Annual, July 10 - 14, 2017, Pittsburgh, Pa, US

- J. Chen, A. Drach, U. Villa, R. Avazmohammadi, D. Li, O. Ghattas and M. Sacks, *Identification of Mechanical Properties of 3D Myocardial Tissue: An Inverse Modeling and Optimal Experimental Design Problem*, FEniCS'17, June 12-14, 2017, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg

- T. O’Leary-Roseberry, U. Villa, O. Ghattas, P. Heimbach, [*An Adjoint Capable Solver for the Stefan Problem: a Bilevel Optimization and Level Set Approach*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=83396), SIAM CSE, Feb. 27 - March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- O. Ghattas, Y. Marzouk, M. Parno, N. Petra, U. Villa, [*Integrating Data with Complex Predictive Models under Uncertainty: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Bayesian Inversion*](https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.4602481.v1), NSF-SI2 PI meeting, Feb. 21-22, 2017, Arlington, VA, US

> Did **you** publish an article or give an oral/poster presentation using `hIPPYlib`? Please let us know by creating an [issue](https://github.com/hippylib/web/issues) and we will reference your work on this page.

Commit message:

add some papers and thesis

src/research.md, after:

# Research

## Applications

- Inversion for optical properties of biological tissues in quantitative optoacoustic tomography

- Bayesian optimal experimental design for inverse problems in acoustic scattering

- Inversion and control for CO<sub>2</sub> sequestration with poroelastic models

- Goal-oriented inference for reservoir models with complex features including faults

- Joint seismic-electromagnetic inversion

- Inference of basal boundary conditions for ice sheet flow

- Inversion for material properties of cardiac tissue

- Inference, prediction and optimization under uncertainty for turbulent combustion

- Inference of constitutive laws in mechanics of nano-scale filaments

## Selected publications

- K. Koval, A. Alexanderian, G. Stadler, [*Optimal experimental design under irreducible uncertainty for inverse problems governed by PDEs*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.08915), arXiv, 2019

- S. Wahal, G. Biros, [*BIMC: The Bayesian Inverse Monte Carlo method for goal-oriented uncertainty quantification. Part I*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.00619), arXiv, 2019

- S. Lan, [*Adaptive dimension reduction to accelerate infinite-dimensional geometric Markov Chain Monte Carlo*](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jcp.2019.04.043), Journal of Computational Physics, 392:71-95, 2019

- U. Villa, N. Petra, O. Ghattas, [*hIPPYlib: An extensible software framework for large-scale inverse problems; Part I: Deterministic inversion and linearized Bayesian inference*](http://arxiv.org/abs/1909.03948), arXiv, 2019

- P. Chen, U. Villa, O. Ghattas, [*Taylor approximation and variance reduction for PDE-constrained optimal control under uncertainty*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1804.04301),  Journal of Computational Physics, 385:163--186, 2019

- B. Crestel, G. Stadler and O. Ghattas, [*A comparative study of structural similarity and regularization for joint inverse problems governed by PDEs*](https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/1361-6420/aaf129/pdf), Inverse Problems, 35:024003, 2018

- A. Attia, A. Alexanderian, A. K. Saibaba, [*Goal-oriented optimal design of experiments for large-scale Bayesian linear inverse problems*](https://doi.org/10.1088/1361-6420/aad210), Inverse Problems, 34:095009, 2018

- R. Nicholson, N. Petra and Jari P Kaipio. [*Estimation of the Robin coefficient field in a Poisson problem with uncertain conductivity field*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1801.03592), Inverse Problems, Volume 34, Number 11, 2018.

- P. Chen, K. Wu, J. Chen, T. O'Leary-Roseberry, O. Ghattas, [*Projected Stein Variational Newton: A Fast and Scalable Bayesian Inference Method in High Dimensions*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.08659), arXiv, 2018

- E. M. Constantinescu, N. Petra, J. Bessac, C. G. Petra, [*Statistical Treatment of Inverse Problems Constrained by Differential Equations-Based Models with Stochastic Terms*](https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.08557), arXiv, 2018

- U. Villa, N. Petra, O. Ghattas, [*hIPPYlib: An extensible software framework for large-scale inverse problems*](http://dx.doi.org/10.21105/joss.00940), Journal of Open Source Software (JOSS), 3(30):940, 2018

- P. Chen, U. Villa, O. Ghattas, *Taylor approximation for PDE-constrained optimization under uncertainty: Application to turbulent jet flow*, Proceedings in Applied Mathematics and Mechanics - 89th GAMM Annual Meeting, 18:e201800466, 2018

- P. Chen, U. Villa, O. Ghattas, [*Hessian-based adaptive sparse quadrature for infinite-dimensional Bayesian inverse problems*](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cma.2017.08.016), Computer Methods in Applied Mechanics and Engineering, 327:147-172, 2017

## Selected Ph.D. thesis

- S. Fatehiboroujeni, [*Inverse Approaches for Identification of Constitutive Laws of Slender Structures Motivated by Application to Biological Filaments*](https://search.proquest.com/openview/225197affb59769d505f84fe4c0fa55e/1?pq-origsite=gscholar&cbl=18750&diss=y), University of California, Merced, 2018. Adviser S. Goyal

- K. A. McCormack, [*Earthquakes, groundwater and surface deformation: exploring the poroelastic response to megathrust earthquakes*](https://repositories.lib.utexas.edu/handle/2152/68892), The University of Texas at Austin, 2018. Adviser M. Hesse

- B. Crestel, [*Advanced techniques for multi-source, multi-parameter, and multi-physics inverse problems*](https://repositories.lib.utexas.edu/handle/2152/63471), The University of Texas at Austin, 2017. Adviser O. Ghattas

## Selected Honor and Master thesis

- B. Saleh, [*Scientific Machine Learning: A Neural Network-Based Estimator for Forward Uncertainty Quantification*](https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/ab10/e3a8e734458a61598314ecd58546b501f2f7.pdf), The University of Texas at Austin, 2018. Adviser O. Ghattas

- G. Gao, [*hIPPYLearn:  An inexact Newton-CG method fortraining neural networks with analysis of the Hessian*](https://repositories.lib.utexas.edu/bitstream/handle/2152/62383/GAO-MASTERSREPORT-2017.pdf?sequence=1), The University of Texas at Austin, 2017. Supervisor O. Ghattas

- D. Liu, [*hIPPYLearn:  An inexact Stochastic Newton-CGmethod for training neural networks*](https://repositories.lib.utexas.edu/bitstream/handle/2152/62386/LIU-MASTERSREPORT-2017.pdf?sequence=1), The University of Texas at Austin, 2017. Supervisor O. Ghattas

## Selected oral presentations

- I. Ambartsumyan, **O. Ghattas**, *Fast methods for Bayesian inverse problems governed by PDE forward models with random coefficient fields*, Applied Inverse Problems Conference, July 8-12, 2019, Grenoble, France

- **U. Villa**, O. Ghattas, *Scalable optimal experimental design for large scale non-linear Bayesian inverse problems*, Applied Inverse Problems Conference, July 8-12, 2019, Grenoble, France

- **O. Babaniyi**, O. Ghattas, N. Petra and U. Villa, [*hIPPYlib: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Inverse Problems*](https://easychair.org/smart-program/FEniCS19/2019-06-13.html#talk:101256), 2019 FEniCS Conference, Carnegie Institution for Science Department of Terrestrial Magnetism (DTM), Washington DC,June 12-14, 2019. **Best postdoc presentation award**

- N. Petra, **G. Stadler**, [*Inverse Problems: Integrating Data with Models under Uncertainty*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_programsess.cfm?SESSIONCODE=66044), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **K. Wu**, P. Chen, O. Ghattas,[*A Stein Variational Newton Method for Optimal Experiment Design Problems*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=95929), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **P. Chen**, O. Ghattas, U. Villa, [*Large-scale Optimal Experimental Design for Bayesian Nonlinear Inverse Problems*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=95353), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **T. O'Leary-Roseberry**, J. Chen, P. Chen, U. Villa, O. Ghattas, [*Large-scale Optimization in Deep Learning for PDE Representation abstract*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=97302), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **J. J. Lee**, O. Ghattas, T. Bui-Thanh, U. Villa, [*Derivative Informed MCMC Methods for Subsurface Models with Faults*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=95762), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **U. Villa**, O. Ghattas, [*Scalable Methods for Bayesian Optimal Experimental Design Using Laplace Approximation*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=96535), SIAM CSE, Feb 25-March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- **U. Villa**, [*Learning from data through the lens of mathematical models*](https://math.wustl.edu/events/analysis-seminar-learning-data-through-lens-mathematical-models-gentle-introduction-bayesian?d=2019-01-28), Analysis Seminar, Dept. of Mathematics & Statistics, Washington University, January 28, 2019, St Louis, MO, US

- **U. Villa**, [*Large Scale Inverse Problems and Uncertainty Quantification: Computational Tools and Imaging Applications*](https://engineering.wustl.edu/Events/Documents/Umberto%20Villa%20Seminar%201.24.19.pdf), Electrical & Systems Engineering Seminar, Washington University, January 24, 2019, St Louis, MO, US

- **N. Petra**, [*hIPPYlib: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Inverse Problems*](https://appliedmath.ucmerced.edu/research/special-topics-meetings-and-seminars/optimization), Optimization Seminar, University of California, Merced, October 19, 2018, Merced, CA, US

- **U. Villa**, O. Ghattas, [*Maximize the Expected Information Gain in Bayesian Experimental Design Problems: A Fast Optimization Algorithm Based on Laplace Approximation and Randomized Eigensolvers*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=89969), SIAM UQ, April 16-19, 2018, Garden Grove, CA, US

- **T. O’Leary-Roseberry**, *A PDE Constrained Optimization Approach to the Solution
of the Stefan Problem*, Texas Applied Mathematics
and Engineering Symposium, Sept. 21-23, 2017, Austin, TX, US

- **U. Villa**, *hIPPYlib:  An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Deterministic and Linearized Bayesian Inverse*, Texas Applied Mathematics
and Engineering Symposium, Sept. 21-23, 2017, Austin, TX, US

- **U. Villa**, [*Taylor Approximation for PDE-constrained Optimal Control Problems under High-dimensional Uncertainty*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=87851), SIAM Control, July 10 - 12, 2017, Pittsburgh, Pa, US

- **U. Villa**, [*Derivative-Informed MCMC for Bayesian Calibration of Stochastic PDE Models*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_programsess.cfm?SESSIONCODE=62707), SIAM Annual, July 10 - 14, 2017, Pittsburgh, Pa, US

- **U. Villa**, *Hessian-based sampling techniques for Bayesian inverse problems with stochastic PDE forward model*, Applied Inverse Problems, May 29 - June 2, 2017, Hangzhou, China

- **U. Villa**, [*Bayesian Calibration of Inadequate Stochastic PDE Models*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=82633), SIAM CSE, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- **P. Chen**, [*Taylor Approximation for PDE-Constrained Optimal Control Problems Under High-Dimensional Uncertainty: Application to a Turbulence Model*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=81654), SIAM CSE, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- **B. Crestel**, [*Scalable Solvers for Joint Inversion with Several Structural Coupling Terms*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=82125), SIAM CSE, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- **Amal Alghamdi**, [*Bayesian Inversion for Subsurface Properties from Poroelastic Forward Models and Surface Deformation Data*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=81792), SIAM CSE, Feb 27-March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- **U. Villa**, [*An Analytical Technique for Forward and Inverse Propagation of Uncertainty*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=74269), SIAM UQ, April 5-8, 2016, Lausanne, Switzerland

## Selected poster presentations

- I. Ambartsumyan, T. Bui-Thanh, O. Ghattas, E. Khattatov, [*An Edge-preserving Method for Joint Bayesian Inversion with Non-Gaussian Priors*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=97474), SIAM CSE, Feb 25- March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- E. Khattatov, O. Ghattas, T. Bui-Thanh, and I. Ambartsumyan, U. Villa, [*Bayesian Inversion of Fault Properties in Two-phase Flow in Fractured Media*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=97471), SIAM CSE, Feb 25- March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- A. O. Babaniyi, O. Ghattas, N. Petra, U. Villa, [*hIPPYlib: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-scale Inverse Problems*](https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.7763063.v1), SIAM CSE, Feb 25- March 1, 2019, Spokane, Wa, US

- O. Ghattas, Y. Marzouk, M. Parno, N. Petra, U. Villa, [*Integrating Data with Complex Predictive Models under Uncertainty: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Bayesian Inversion*](https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.6172247.v1), NSF-SI2 PI meeting, Apr. 30- May 1, 2018, Washington, DC, US

- K. Koval, G. Stadler, [*Computational Approaches for Linear Goal-Oriented Bayesian Inverse Problems*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=86488), SIAM Annual, July 10 - 14, 2017, Pittsburgh, Pa, US

- J. Chen, A. Drach, U. Villa, R. Avazmohammadi, D. Li, O. Ghattas and M. Sacks, *Identification of Mechanical Properties of 3D Myocardial Tissue: An Inverse Modeling and Optimal Experimental Design Problem*, FEniCS'17, June 12-14, 2017, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg

- T. O’Leary-Roseberry, U. Villa, O. Ghattas, P. Heimbach, [*An Adjoint Capable Solver for the Stefan Problem: a Bilevel Optimization and Level Set Approach*](http://meetings.siam.org/sess/dsp_talk.cfm?p=83396), SIAM CSE, Feb. 27 - March 3, 2017, Atlanta, GA, US

- O. Ghattas, Y. Marzouk, M. Parno, N. Petra, U. Villa, [*Integrating Data with Complex Predictive Models under Uncertainty: An Extensible Software Framework for Large-Scale Bayesian Inversion*](https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.4602481.v1), NSF-SI2 PI meeting, Feb. 21-22, 2017, Arlington, VA, US

> Did **you** publish an article or give an oral/poster presentation using `hIPPYlib`? Please let us know by creating an [issue](https://github.com/hippylib/web/issues) and we will reference your work on this page.
